Read me for Chapter 2: The Survey

Description of Files

R Code
-----
1. allglm.R
This file contains all of the glmnet code, including construction of the y vectors and X matrix.

2. barplotmicro.R
This file contains code for generating quick summary data of any column in the raw dataset, just for superficial observation. Calculates totals and percent of total out of 176 respondents (which includes NA values)

3. chisquaretests.R
This file contains code for running Pearson's Chi Square tests for a variety of comparisons, but excluding multiple-answer questions. Those were handled in the allglm.R file.

4. crosstabs.R
This file contains code for running cross tabs of multiple choice questions and numerical questions. Cross tabs do include chi square tests but they were performed again in chisquaretests.R for use in the final paper. This code also doesn't include every single crosstab created. I just pasted in different variable names and re-ran the code. The variables used in this file are merely the last variables run.

5. lmforpvalues.R
This file is an accompaniment to the allglm.R file, where p values were generated by plugging the variables deemed relevant by the glm into a regular linear regression function to get rough estimates of p-values. glmnet does not have an option to do this, which is why I had to use lm instead.

6. usmaps.R
This is the code for determining (visually only) the spread of different variables across a US map. Most of these were not used in the paper.


Raw Data
--------
1. microgreendata.csv
This is a CSV file of the raw data downloaded from Qualtrics, although the variable names have been simplified and some calculated columns have been added using Excel for ease of analysis.
